Vector Results: ['Human Resource Management (HRM) is the term used to describe formal systems devised for the management of people within an organization. The responsibilities of a human resource manager fall into three major areas: staffing, employee compensation and benefits, and defining/designing work. Essentially, the purpose of HRM is to maximize the productivity of an organization by optimizing the effectiveness of its employees. This mandate is unlikely to change in any fundamental way, despite the ever-increasing pace of change in the business world. As Edward L. Gubman observed in the Journal of Business Strategy, the basic mission of human resources will always be to acquire, develop, and retain talent; align the workforce with the business; and be an excellent contributor to the business. Those three challenges will never change.Human Resource Management can be a challenge for small business especially, which typically don’t have an HR department to rely on. They may be limited to one HR person, or this responsibility may still belong to the CEO. Regardless, small business owners need to understand the challenges in order to face them so that they are prepared to tackle HR issues as their company, and workforce, grows. This paper aims at studying the challenges in HRM, to suggest measures to overcome the challenges and highlight the emerging challenges in HRM.', "Artificial intelligence has been studied for decades and remains one of the most puzzling subjects in computer science, its most powerful technology for humanity, where we now live in the age of massive data, an age in which we can collect huge amounts of information that hinder the person & #039, s process. Artificial intelligence has already been fruitful, In many industries such as technology, banking, marketing, and entertainment. Artificial intelligence is a science that has changed our lives already. In this paper, artificial intelligence was including concepts, methods, applications, and integration. At the same time, the definitions and methods of artificial intelligence were summarized. In the end, the structure and classification of AI and its related fields and application areas were introduced in detail.  A total of 27, 451 papers that were published between 1977 and 2018 (84.6% were dated 2008-2018) were retrieved from the Web of Science platform. The descriptive analysis of data examined the publication volume, and authors and countries’ collaboration. A global network of authors' keywords and content analysis of related scientific literature highlighted the use of major techniques, including Robotic networks, Artificial intelligence, and Natural language process, and their most frequent applications in the Clinical Prediction and Treatment of patients. The number of cancer-related publications was the highest in number, followed by heart diseases and Stroke, Vision impairment, Alzheimer's, and Depression. Moreover, the shortage research of on applications for some high-burden diseases suggests future directions in AI in core research. This essay will also briefly examine the problems with artificial intelligence in the field of medicine, demonstrating that weak AI may even be preferable to strong AI in the context of healthcare. Humans would still play a crucial role in the delivery of healthcare, but in many cases, less expensive, purpose-fit healthcare personnel might be taught to  left by less competent AI. Thus, the doctor's function as a pricy problem-solver would become redundant.", 'It is the science and engineering of making intelligent machines, especially intelligent computer programs. It is related to the similar task of using computers to understand human intelligence, but AI does not have to confine itself to methods that are biologically observable. While no consensual definition of Artificial Intelligence (AI) exists, AI is broadly characterized as the study of computations that allow for perception, reason and action. Today, the amount of data that is generated, by both humans and machines, far outpaces humans’ ability to absorb, interpret, and make complex decisions based on that data. Artificial intelligence forms the basis for all computer learning and is the future of all complex decision making. This paper examines features of artificial Intelligence, introduction, definitions of AI, history, applications, growth and achievements.  ']      
KG Results: [{'paper': 'P02', 'relationship': 'MENTIONS', 'entity': 'Data Science'}, {'paper': 'P02', 'relationship': 'MENTIONS', 'entity': 'Internatiional journal'}, {'paper': 'P02', 'relationship': 'MENTIONS', 'entity': 'Data Mining'}, {'paper': 'P02', 'relationship': 'MENTIONS', 'entity': 'Open Source Tools'}, {'paper': 'P02', 'relationship': 'WRITTEN_BY', 'entity': 'Monali R. Baviskar'}, {'paper': 'P02', 'relationship': 'WRITTEN_BY', 'entity': 'Priya N Nagargoje'}, {'paper': 'P02', 'relationship': 'WRITTEN_BY', 'entity': 'Priyanka A. Deshmukh'}, {'paper': 'P02', 'relationship': 'WRITTEN_BY', 'entity': 'Rina R. Baviskar'}, {'paper': 'P02', 'relationship': 'USES', 'entity': 'Predictive analysis'}, {'paper': 'P02', 'relationship': 'USES', 'entity': 'encryption'}, {'paper': 'P02', 'relationship': 'PUBLISHED_IN', 'entity': 'International Research Journal of Engineering and Technology (IRJET)'}]

===== GENERATED SUMMARY =====

Using ONLY the information provided below, generate a structured research paper summary for the topic of "Artificial Intelligence: An Overview and Future Directions in Medicine."

Structural:
1. Title
    AI: The term used to describe formal systems deviased for management of people within an organization. The responsibilities of a human resource manager fall into three major areas: staffing, employee compensation and benefits, and defining/designing work. Essentially, the purpose of HRM is to maximize the productivity of an organization by optimizing the effectiveness of its employees.

2. Author(s)
    Edward L. Gubman (Journal of Business Strategy)

3. Problem Statement/Mission Statement
    Human Resource Management (HRM) can be a chaisson for small business especially, which typically don't have an HR department to rely on. They may be limited to one HR person, or this responsibility may still belong to the CEO. Regardless, small business owner's need to understand the chaleeins in HRM and face them so that they are prepared to tackle HR issues as their company grows.

4. Chailloness in HRM
    In many industries such as technology, banking, marketing, and entertainment, Artificial Intelligence (AI) has already been studied for decades and remains one of the most puzzling subjects in computer science, its most powerful technique for humanity, where we now live in the age of massive data, an age in which we can collect huge amounts of information that influences patient's healthcare. A global network of authors' keywords and content analysias of related scientific literature highlighted weak AI may even be preferable to strong AI in the context of medicine.

5. Future Directions in Medicine: Strategies for Addressing the Challenges
    Artificial Intelligence (AI) will become increasingly prominent in medicine, leading to new innovations and possibilities in diagnosis and treatment. As medical technology advances and becomes more sophisticated, we can expect to see AI applications in areas such as personalized medicine, telemedicine, and surgical robotics.

6. Conclusion/Recommendation
    The current study highlights the need for greater emphasis on developing artificial intelligence (AI) applications in medical research and clinical practice. This will enable doctors to better understand their patients' needs and design targeted treatments based on specific patient characteristics. As AI becomes more widespread, it is essential that medical professionals acquire a strong understanding of its potential benefits and limitations.